on Halloween 1963 in Haddonfield
Illinois six-year-old Michael Myers
murdered his own sister in cold blood
it was 15 years later on Halloween 1978
that the legend the Myers murders was
born having escaped protective custody
Michael returned to Haddonfield
massacred the occupants of the
neighborhood homes leaving teenager
Laurie Strode as the sole survivor sir
Laurie after all these years what do you
think possessed Michael Oher to go on
this killing spree you don't believe
he's the boogie man huh well you shed in
this town Michael Myers is a myth
ghost story to scare kids to spook you
in Israel
now he's back - Kate
[Music]